1. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
2. "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
3. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
4. "Stay hungry, stay foolish." - Steve Jobs
5. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
6. "It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
7. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
8. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
9. "Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
10. "You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character." - Unknown
11. "If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs
12. "People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." - Rob Siltanen
13. "Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
14. "We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
15. "Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
16. "Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?" - Brian Tracy
17. "We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action." - Dr. Henry Link
18. "Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
19. "Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller
20. "The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others." - Hasidic Proverb
21. "The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
22. "In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love." - Mother Teresa
23. "Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile." - Albert Einstein
24. "The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
25. "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
26. "Get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King
27. "You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." - Brian Tracy
28. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
29. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
30. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
31. "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." - Erma Bombeck
32. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington
33. "Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
34. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
35. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
36. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life." - John Lennon
37. "Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
38. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
39. "Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
40. "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
41. "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
42. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - Maya Angelou
43. "Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
44. "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
45. "First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." - Aristotle
46. "If the wind will not serve, take to the oars." - Latin Proverb
47. "You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground." - Unknown
48. "We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained." - Marie Curie
49. "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
50. "Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
51. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
52. "I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." - Leonardo da Vinci
53. "Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
54. "You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame." - Erica Jong
55. "What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
56. "I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." - Benjamin Franklin
57. "In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
58. "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
59. "The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
60. "There are no traffic jams along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
61. "It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
62. "You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
63. "I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
64. "A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty." - Unknown
65. "It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings." - Ann Landers
66. "If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money." - Abigail Van Buren
67. "Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs." - Farrah Gray
68. "The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that's where it's at." - Jesse Owens
69. "Education costs money. But then so does ignorance." - Sir Claus Moser
70. "I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." - Rosa Parks
71. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
72. "If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
73. "Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck." - Dalai Lama
74. "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
75. "Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
76. "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
77. "Do what you can, where you are, with what you have." - Teddy Roosevelt
78. "If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." - Tony Robbins
79. "Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
80. "It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live." - Mae Jemison
81. "You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try." - Beverly Sills
82. "Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
83. "Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
84. "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
85. "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
86. "It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
87. "Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
88. "Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." - Benjamin Franklin
89. "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
90. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
91. "If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
92. "Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you." - Jesus
93. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
94. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
95. "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." - Erma Bombeck
96. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington
97. "Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
98. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
99. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
100. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life." - John Lennon
101. "Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
102. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
103. "Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
104. "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
105. "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
106. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - Maya Angelou
107. "Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
108. "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
109. "First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." - Aristotle
110. "If the wind will not serve, take to the oars." - Latin Proverb
111. "You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground." - Unknown
112. "We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained." - Marie Curie
113. "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
114. "Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
115. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
116. "I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." - Leonardo da Vinci
117. "Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
118. "You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame." - Erica Jong
119. "What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
120. "I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." - Benjamin Franklin
121. "In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
122. "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
123. "The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
124. "There are no traffic jams along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
125. "It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
126. "You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
127. "I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
128. "A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty." - Unknown
129. "It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings." - Ann Landers
130. "If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money." - Abigail Van Buren
131. "Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs." - Farrah Gray
132. "The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that's where it's at." - Jesse Owens
133. "Education costs money. But then so does ignorance." - Sir Claus Moser
134. "I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." - Rosa Parks
135. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
136. "If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
137. "Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck." - Dalai Lama
138. "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
139. "Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
140. "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
141. "Do what you can, where you are, with what you have." - Teddy Roosevelt
142. "If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." - Tony Robbins
143. "Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
144. "It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live." - Mae Jemison
145. "You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try." - Beverly Sills
146. "Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
147. "Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
148. "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
149. "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
150. "It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
151. "Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
152. "Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." - Benjamin Franklin
153. "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
154. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
155. "If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
156. "Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you." - Jesus
157. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
158. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
159. "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." - Erma Bombeck
160. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington
161. "Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
162. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
163. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
164. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life." - John Lennon
165. "Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
166. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
167. "Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
168. "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
169. "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
170. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - Maya Angelou
171. "Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
172. "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
173. "First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." - Aristotle
174. "If the wind will not serve, take to the oars." - Latin Proverb
175. "You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground." - Unknown
176. "We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained." - Marie Curie
177. "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
178. "Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
179. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
180. "I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." - Leonardo da Vinci
181. "Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
182. "You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame." - Erica Jong
183. "What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
184. "I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." - Benjamin Franklin
185. "In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
186. "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
187. "The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
188. "There are no traffic jams along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
189. "It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
190. "You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
191. "I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
192. "A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty." - Unknown
193. "It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings." - Ann Landers
194. "If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money." - Abigail Van Buren
195. "Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs." - Farrah Gray
196. "The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that's where it's at." - Jesse Owens
197. "Education costs money. But then so does ignorance." - Sir Claus Moser
198. "I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." - Rosa Parks
199. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
200. "If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
201. "Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck." - Dalai Lama
202. "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
203. "Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
204. "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
205. "Do what you can, where you are, with what you have." - Teddy Roosevelt
206. "If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." - Tony Robbins
207. "Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
208. "It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live." - Mae Jemison
209. "You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try." - Beverly Sills
210. "Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
211. "Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
212. "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
213. "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
214. "It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
215. "Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
216. "Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." - Benjamin Franklin
217. "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
218. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
219. "If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
220. "Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you." - Jesus
221. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
222. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
223. "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." - Erma Bombeck
224. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington
225. "Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
226. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
227. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
228. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life." - John Lennon
229. "Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
230. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
231. "Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
232. "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
233. "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
234. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - Maya Angelou
235. "Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
236. "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
237. "First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." - Aristotle
238. "If the wind will not serve, take to the oars." - Latin Proverb
239. "You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground." - Unknown
240. "We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained." - Marie Curie
241. "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
242. "Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
243. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
244. "I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." - Leonardo da Vinci
245. "Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
246. "You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame." - Erica Jong
247. "What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
248. "I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." - Benjamin Franklin
249. "In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
250. "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
251. "The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
252. "There are no traffic jams along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
253. "It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
254. "You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
255. "I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
256. "A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty." - Unknown
257. "It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings." - Ann Landers
258. "If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money." - Abigail Van Buren
259. "Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs." - Farrah Gray
260. "The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that's where it's at." - Jesse Owens
261. "Education costs money. But then so does ignorance." - Sir Claus Moser
262. "I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." - Rosa Parks
263. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
264. "If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
265. "Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck." - Dalai Lama
266. "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
267. "Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
268. "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
269. "Do what you can, where you are, with what you have." - Teddy Roosevelt
270. "If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." - Tony Robbins
271. "Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
272. "It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live." - Mae Jemison
273. "You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try." - Beverly Sills
274. "Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
275. "Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
276. "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
277. "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
278. "It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
279. "Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
280. "Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." - Benjamin Franklin
281. "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
282. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
283. "If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
284. "Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you." - Jesus
285. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
286. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
287. "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." - Erma Bombeck
288. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington
289. "Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
290. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
291. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
292. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life." - John Lennon
293. "Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
294. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
295. "Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
296. "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
297. "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
298. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - Maya Angelou
299. "Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
300. "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg